1- JSON = Json is basically like where the pre existing credentials are saved (since we dont need to create an account, just pretend like the details alr exists). so basically 	once a user logs in with his username and password, the system goes from the web page to the json file and checks if the username and password exists. if it does, he 	gets access and gets taken to the dashboard web page, if not. its a skill issue tbh.


2- JavaScript = basically used to handle some exceptions and what nots (basically back end stuff). it basically fetches data from both json and html. you need both json and 	javascript to maintain a secured system.


3- Some of the javascript API (built-in functions) i used.

	-addEventHandler = basically is like a response whenever a user clicks or hovers over a button etc. basically triggers a response whenever the user submits the 	credentials, this thing is goated af. basically you can control whatever happens after the user clicks the submit button. that's why JavaScript is mainly used in 	hacking as well lol. function(event) gives out the details that are related to the 'submit' for example the credentials the user wrote in the system (since after the user enters his credentials, the user submits and function(event) is triggered).


	-getElementbyId = basically receives the data from the html code. for example, in the index html, yall created a form (<form action =''> but i changed it to <form id = 	''LoginForm''>), whole purpose of that is that we can access that in js and we can add actions to it for example the eventhandler API. you can add more stuff basically but for now ill just add submit.


	fetch() = basically gets in contact with the json file

	response = checks the pattern of the username / passwords in the json file and if its valid


	DOMCONTENTLOADED = basically a interface that insure that the script can only be run after all the images, credentials and other stuff are present. I HATE THIS PART TOOK ME 3 HOURS TO FIGURE IT OUT. im sorry i had to use ai to figure out the issue. sryyy

im going to sleep ill explain the rest later 


	